Go to the hospital
OK
Mr. Gu, I'll take him in. Okay?
And so forth.
Let me do it
Doctor, this is in the gynecology department.
Come to me to measure the heat
Gynecology, he was just bullied
This is obviously caused by excessive pain.
He turned pale.
My mouth is purple, I'm afraid it's a problem caused by endocrine.
Go to gynecology
Is Mr. Gu so possessive?
His blood test results are in
Abnormal hormone levels in the body
Did he take any medicine recently?
Why don't you two answer me?
Which one is his boyfriend?
It can't all be
Don't look at me, I have nothing to do with him
So it's you.
Do you know your girlfriend's physical condition?
He ate that recently
Ice medicine